PREVIOUSLY ON
"NECESSARY ROUGHNESS"...
Jeanette: AUGUSTO
TOOK A JOB IN BARCELONA...
AND I'M MOVING THERE
WITH HIM.
Dani:
I NEVER KNEW YOU WERE INTERESTED
IN DANCE-LINE CHEERING.
ADMIT IT --
YOU THINK IT'S STUPID.
I NEED TO TALK TO SOMEONE
WHO ISN'T YOU.
LIKE A THERAPIST.
ASSISTANT G.M.
ON AN INTERIM BASIS.
I'D BE HONORED
ON ANY BASIS.
I BELIEVE IN DRAFTING BEST
PLAYER AVAILABLE. DAMON RAZOR.
I THINK THE KID'S
GOT ENOUGH TALENT
TO DEVELOP
INTO A NUMBER-ONE.
I STOLE
SOMEONE'S IDENTITY
AND RE-ENROLLED
AS A HIGH-SCHOOL FRESHMAN.
DAMON RAZOR...
TOO GOOD TO PASS UP.
TERRY, MAKE THE CALL.
[ WHISTLE BLOWS ]
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
ALL RIGHT, BOYS!
PLEASE LINE IT UP!
LET'S SEE IT!
Dani:WHETHER IT'S A NEW JOB,
NEW RELATIONSHIP,
OR A NEW FOOTBALL SEASON...
[ GRUNTS ]
...WITH THE NEW
COMES POSSIBILITY...
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
...EXCITEMENT...
HUT!
[ GRUNTING ]
...AND, OF COURSE...
[ HEART BEATING ]
...ANXIETY.
[ PANTING, GRUNTS ]
AND THAT ANXIETY
CAN SOMETIMES EAT YOU ALIVE.
UNLESS, OF COURSE,
YOU EATITFIRST.
* I'M A MESS
* I'M A MESS TONIGHT
290 POUNDS, RHINO?!
I DON'T KNOW WHETHER TO ASK YOU
WHAT YOU ATE ORWHOYOU ATE.
[ LAUGHTER ]
OH, MY GOD.
Dani: OH, MY GOD!
RAY, YOU HAVE ALREADY EATEN
THROUGH ALL OF OUR SAVINGS.
YOU ARE NOT GOING TO TOUCH
THE COLLEGE FUND.
[ DOORBELL RINGS ]
RAY JAY'S NEVER BEEN TO HAWAII?!
I'VENEVER BEEN TO HAWAII!
NO, I-I CAN'T TALK TO YOU
ANYMORE. I HAVE TO GO.
I -- UH -- GOODBYE!
[ GROWLS, SQUEALS ]
BUENOS DíAS, BABY.
OH!
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ BOTH GRUNT ]
THANKGODYOU'RE HERE!
[ SIGHS ]
SO, AUGUSTO
IS TEACHING YOU SPANISH?
Sí.
WELL,
I'VE GOT THE BASICS.
HOLA. COMO ESTAS?
iQUíTATE LOS PANTALONES
PRONTO!
WHAT DOES
THAT LAST ONE MEAN?
"TAKE OFF YOUR PANTS...
PRONTO."
[ LAUGHS ]
I HAVE MISSED YOU SO MUCH.
[ CHUCKLES ]
SPEAKING OF
REMOVING CLOTHES,
THINGS GOING WELL WITH
MR. FOXY [YAWNS] ASSISTANT G.M.?
AWESOME, WHEN WE ACTUALLY
SEE EACH OTHER.
[ YAWNS ]
HELLO?
OOH, SORRY.
I'M JUST JET-LAGGED.
ONE GOOD SIESTA,
AND I WILL BE READY
FOR SIX WEEKS
OF SUMMER FUN.
CLACK!
[ BOTH MIMIC CASTANETS ]
SO, YOU TWO GET SIX WEEKS
OF SUMMER FUN
AND I GET SHIPPED OFF
TO SUMMER CAMP?
SHIPPED OFF?
YOU BEGGED ME TO GO.
WELL, THAT WAS BEFORE, MOM.
IT'S NOT BEFORE NOW.
IT'SNOWNOW.
UNDERSTAND?
NOT NOW.
WELL, MAYBE
DR. CROSETTI WILL.
WHO'S DR. CROSETTI?
DR. JANE CROSETTI.
YOU MUST BE...
LINDSAY.
AND YOU MUST BE
DR. SANTINO.
OH, PLEASE,
CALL ME DANI.
IT'S SUCH A PLEASURE
TO MEET YOU.
LISTEN, WHY DON'T YOU GO
MAKE YOURSELF COMFORTABLE,
AND I'LL BE RIGHT THERE,
ALL RIGHT?
[ SIGHS ] OH, THANK YOU
FOR FITTING US IN.
I KNOW
HOW BUSY YOU MUST BE
WITH YOUR SEMINARS
AND YOUR PRACTICE
AND YOUR BOOKS, WHICH I HAVE
READ ALL OF, BY THE WAY.
[ LAUGHS ]
"UNLEASHING
YOUR INNER RAGE MONSTER"
REALLY KEPT ME SANE
AFTER MY DIVORCE.
OH, WELL, THANK YOU --
THAT MEANS AN AWFUL LOT
COMING FROM A TOP SPORTS
PSYCHOLOGIST SUCH AS YOURSELF.
OH. [ CHUCKLES ]
YES, I'M FAMILIAR
WITH YOUR WORK.
OH, THANK YOU.
MM-HMM.
OH, IT'S FIRST SESSION,
SO IT'S PROBABLY BEST IF WE
ESTABLISHED OUR OWN CONNECTION.
I'LL JUST BE OUT HERE,
WAITING IN THE WAITING ROOM.
TERRIFIC.
I HAVE
SOME RECENT MAGAZINES
OVER THERE ON THE TABLE,
IF YOU'D LIKE.
NICE.
HEAR YE! HEAR YE!
EVERYBODY ON ME!
LET'S GO!
ALL RIGHT. LISTEN UP --
THIS IS YOUR PLAYBOOK,
YOUR BIBLE, YOUR BEST FRIEND,
YOUR MAMA FOR THE NEXT YEAR.
LOSE IT [CHUCKLES]
AND IT WILL BE
YOUR MAMA
YOU'RE SCREAMING FOR.
UNDERSTOOD?
All: YES, SIR.
Purnell: UNDERSTOOD?!
All: YES, SIR!
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
WELCOME TO MINI CAMP,
GENTLEMEN.
YEAH, IT'S REAL.
YOU MADE IT, MAN.
WELCOME TO MY HOUSE.
THANKS.
THIS IS AMAZING.
AND TO PLAY ALONGSIDE YOU?
JUST HOPE I CAN KEEP UP.
EH, YOU WON'T.
[ CHUCKLES ]
ONE OF YOU
DAMON RAZOR?!
UH, YEAH. ME.
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO
COME WITH US, SON.
WHAT?!
WHAT'S THIS ABOUT?
YEAH, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
WHAT'D THE KID DO?
STEP BACK, SIR.
READ HIM HIS RIGHTS.
DAMON RAZOR,
YOU HAVE THE RIGHT...
TO REMAIN SEXY.
[ HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYS ]
[ CHEERING ]
[ WHISTLING ]
T.K.:
GET IN THERE, RAZOR!
WELCOME TO THE HAWKS,
ROOKIE!
[ WHISTLING AND CHEERING ]
YEAH!
[ Chanting ] GO ROOKIE!
GO ROOKIE! GO ROOKIE!
* BABY, WORK YOUR MAGIC ON ME
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
HUT!
[ GRUNTING ]
COME ON!
GET THERE! GET THERE!
[ PANTING ]
[ WHISTLE BLOWS ]
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
SON, IF YOU CAN'T GET YOUR ASS
OVER HERE TO MAKE THAT PLAY,
I WILL
FIND SOMEONE WHO CAN!
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
NEXT GROUP!
Donnally: RYAN NORTON, CALL HIM
"RHINO," CAME IN WAY OVERWEIGHT.
OOH, HE'S NOT
GONNA FIT IN HIS BIKINI?
I THOUGHT ALL THE PLAYERS
WERE SUPPOSED TO BE BIG.
EVERYBODY'S BIG,
BUT IT'S A GAME OF SPEED,
AND HE'S GOT NONE
AT THIS WEIGHT.
WE DIDN'T DRAFT A LINEBACKER
'CAUSE WE THOUGHT WE HAD RHINO.
BUT WHAT?
IF HE DOESN'T SHAPE UP,
LITERALLY,
HE'S GONNA HAVE TO
SHIP OUT?
HIS BLOOD PRESSURE'S
THROUGH THE ROOF.
HIS CHOLESTEROL'S
SKY-HIGH.
I'M WORRIED ABOUT
MORE THAN JUST HIS EMPLOYMENT.
[ WHISTLE BLOWS ]
Man: ALL RIGHT,
RECEIVERS, TAKE FIVE.
HEY, YO, ROOKIE.
NOT SO FAST.
GIVE ME A GATORADE.
[ SIGHS ]
NO, NO, NO, NO,
NO, NO.
FROM THAT COOLER.
OH!
[ LAUGHTER ]
A BABY ALLIGATOR?
THAT'S NO JOKE! THAT THING
COULD HAVE BIT MY HANDS OFF!
IF YOU MILK IT,
IT'S GATORADE!
MY HANDS.
THAT'S MY LIVELIHOOD.
I THINK YOU MIGHT BE
OVERESTIMATING
THE POWER
OF THOSE THINGS, BRAH.
YEAH?
WELL, WE'LL SEE
WHO'S RIDING THE BENCH
COME GAME DAY, BROTHER.
OHH.
I'M -- [ SCOFFS ]
I'M SORRY, WHAT?
I'M JUST SAYING, IS T.K. BACK,
OR READY TO TAKE A BACKSEAT?
Man: WHAT?!
WHOA.
OH!
HEY, HEY!
GET OUT OF HERE.
HEY! HEY, COME ON!
COME ON!
WHAT YOU WANT?!
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
WATCH YOUR MOUTH!
[ WHISTLES BLOWS ]
IT'S ONE THING TO HAVE
ROOKIES IN MINISKIRTS
RUNNING AROUND
WITH MISSING EYEBROWS,
BUT TERRENCE KING,
CROCODILE HUNTER?!
THAT IS A BRIDGE TOO FAR.
LOOK, I AM FINALLY HAVING
A GOOD TIME AGAIN.
I THOUGHT YOU GUYS
WOULD APPRECIATE THAT.
WE WOULD, IF YOU USED YOUR
POWERS FOR GOOD INSTEAD OF EVIL.
HAZING IS ABOUT LOVE,
NICO.
IT'S A RITE OF PASSAGE,
PART OF THE GAME.
NOT MY GAME --
NOT ANYMORE.
I GOT FOLKS
FLINGING CRAP AT ME
FASTER THAN A PACK
OF RABID CHIMPANZEES.
FIRST PITTMAN, NOW THE LEAGUE.
I NEED CALM AND ORDER.
SO, THAT'S IT.
I'M BANNING HAZING.
THAT'S LIKE TAKING THE FOOT
OUT OF FOOTBALL.
THAT'S LIKE TAKING
THE FOOT OUT OF MY ASS.
NOW, IF I HEAR OF ANY MORE
INCIDENTS ON THIS CAMPUS,
I'M HOLDINGYOURESPONSIBLE --
5 GRAND A POP.
NOW GET OUT OF HERE!
OH,
AND ONE MORE THING.
WE NEED YOU
TO APOLOGIZE TO RAZOR.
[ LAUGHS ]
HEY, ROOKIE,
GET MY PADS.
YEAH, YEAH. I GOT IT.
SO, YOU WERE SAYING?
COTTAGE CHEESE.
MM-HMM.
BOILED CHICKEN,
AND STEAMED VEGETABLES.
OH, AND SOMETIMES I GO WILD
AND HAVE A FLAVORED RICE CAKE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
WELL,
THAT SOUNDS HEALTHY.
IT SEEMS LIKE
THE MORE I DIET,
THE MORE
I'M PUTTING ON THE POUNDS.
AND NOW I LOOK LIKE
A SUMO WRESTLER
WHO'S EATEN
ANOTHER SUMO WRESTLER.
[ Chanting ]
RHINO! RHINO! RHINO! RHINO!
GET A JOB, YOU LEECHES!
[ LAUGHS ]
THAT'S MY POSSE.
WE GO WAY BACK.
IT IS VERY IMPORTANT
TO HAVE A SUPPORT SYSTEM.
IT'S A LOT OF PRESSURE,
PLAYING A PRO SPORT.
YEAH, BUT THIS IS MY SEVENTH
YEAR, SO IT'S NOTHING NEW.
THIS WEIGHT THING IS KILLING
MY GAME AND MY BANK ACCOUNT.
YOU KNOW, I'M FINED DAILY,
FOR EVERY POUND I'M OVER 260?
SOMETIMES UNDER STRESS,
PEOPLE EAT UNCONSCIOUSLY.
THEY DON'T EVEN REALIZE
THEY'RE DOING IT.
ANYTHING GOING ON
IN YOUR PERSONAL LIFE?
ARE THERE ANY CHANGES
AT ALL?
WELL, I GOT MARRIED
NOT LONG AGO.
HOW'S THAT GOING?
AWESOME.
I MEAN,
I'M BUTTING HEADS
WITH MY STEPSON, ETHAN,
OVER STUPID STUFF.
IT'S UPSETTING MY WIFE,
LYDIA.
THAT SOUNDS...
STRESSFUL.
YEAH, SHE KEEPS SAYING WE SHOULD
TRY FAMILY COUNSELING.
WOULD THAT BE SOMETHING
THAT YOU MIGHT CONSIDER DOING?
DEPENDS.
THERE ANY CALORIES IN THAT?
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ LAUGHTER ]
YOU'RE WELCOME,
BY THE WAY.
WITHOUT ME, NONE OFTHIS
WOULD HAVE BEEN POSSIBLE.
WE GIVE YOU
SOME OF THE CREDIT.
NOT SOME CREDIT --
ALLCREDIT.
[ BOTH LAUGH ]
SO, WHAT'S
YOUR DEAL, HUH?
WHAT DO WE OWE
THE HONOR OF THIS VISIT?
TO SPEND THE SUMMER
WITH DAN,
AND TO FIGURE OUT WHETHER...
I WANT TO GO BACK.
[ CELLPHONE RINGS ]
AHH, AND MY PHONE RINGS RIGHT
WHEN THE STORY'S GETTING GOOD.
[ SIGHS ]
OH.
YES, HANK.
WAY TO BURY THE LEAD.
AUGUSTO'S
BEEN TALKING MARRIAGE.
OH, THAT WOULD BE, WHAT,
NUMERO TRES FOR ME?
I'M LIVING IN A FANTASY BUBBLE
IN BARCELONA,
BUT MY REAL LIFE
IS HERE, DAN.
NOT SURE I CAN GIVE UP
MY WHOLE LIFE FOR ONE MAN,
EVEN ONE
AS SEXY-LICIOUS AS AUGUSTO.
UNH!
SO, THE NEXT SIX WEEKS, IS IT
YOUR MISSION TO FIGURE OUT
"DO I STAY, DO I GO?"
SO, HANK WANTS A LIST
OF ALL FREE-AGENT LINEBACKERS.
AND APPARENTLY,
THAT CAN'T WAIT TILL TOMORROW.
ARE THEY GONNA
REPLACE RHINO?
NOT YET, BUT...
UGH, I GOT TO GO.
I'M SORRY.
JEANETTE,
TO BE CONTINUED.
AND I WILL CALL YOU
LATER.
MM.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
SINCE HIS PROMOTION, BEEN SORT
OF A DRIVE-BY RELATIONSHIP.
WE'RE BOTH SO OVERLOADED.
NEVER FEAR.
YOUR KNIGHT IN SHINING ARMANI
IS HERE TO LIGHTEN YOUR LOAD.
SO, LAUNDRY,
GROCERIES, COOKING --
YOU?
ALL ME.
NO.
NO, NO. DON'T ARGUE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I'M STAYING WITH YOU
FOR SIX WEEKS.
THE LEAST I CAN DO
IS TAKE GOOD CARE OF YOU.
[ BIRDS CHIRPING ]
SO, RYAN, LYDIA,
YOU TWO JUST GOT MARRIED...
SIX MONTHS AGO.
CONGRATULATIONS.
THANK YOU. I'M VERY LUCKY.
HE'S A WONDERFUL MAN.
I DON'T THINK ETHAN
SEES IT THAT WAY, THOUGH.
I NEVER SAID THAT.
LOOK, E, I GET IT.
NO KID'S HAPPY ABOUT
HIS MOM GETTING REMARRIED.
I'M NOTUNHAPPYABOUT IT.
IT'S JUST THAT --
NOT UNHAPPY? IS THAT WHY YOU
NEVER COME OUT OF YOUR ROOM?
OKAY, SO,
THE FIRST RULE WE HAVE HERE
IS THAT EVERYBODY
LISTENS TO EACH OTHER.
OKAY?
SO, ETHAN,
YOU WERE SAYING...?
IT'S JUST...?
IT'S JUST THAT --
I DON'T KNOW.
WE'RE ALWAYS
FIGHTING ABOUT STUFF.
STUFF. CAN YOU BE
A LITTLE BIT MORE SPECIFIC?
[ Mumbling ] HE KEEPS EATING
ALL THE MOONPIES.
[ CHUCKLES ]
WHAT? THE MOONPIES?
OKAY, FIRST OF ALL,
I DON'T EVEN LIKE MOONPIES.
SECOND OF ALL...
EVERYONE LIKES MOONPIES.
...I'M NOT GONNA RUIN MY DIET,
AND IF I DID,
IT WOULDN'T BE WITH A MOONPIE,
BECAUSE, AS I STATED,
I DON'T EVEN LIKE MOONPIES!
WELL,
SOMEBODY'S EATING THEM.
IT'S NOT ME.
NO. OF COURSE NOT. IT'S ETHAN,
AND HE'S BLAMING ME TO COVER.
BECAUSE EVERYONE THINKS
I SHOULD BE ON A DIET.
NO. WE JUST WANT YOU
TO BE MORE HEALTHY.
FOR ALL OF US
TO BE HEALTHY.
[ SIGHS ]
OKAY.
THIS IS NOT ABOUT MOONPIES.
THIS IS ABOUT BEING HONEST.
AND IN ORDER TO HAVE A HEALTHY,
FUNCTIONAL FAMILY,
THERE NEEDS TO BE TRUST.
SO, CAN WE ALL AGREE
THAT WHOMEVER IS SNEAKING FOOD
CAN COME FORWARD
WITHOUT ANY CONSEQUENCES?
YEAH? OKAY.
HOW ABOUT ON THREE, JUST...
RAISE YOUR HAND IF IT WAS YOU.
YOU KNOW, WE GET THIS
LITTLE SECRET OUT OF THE WAY,
AND THEN WE HIT RESET.
WE START FRESH.
OKAY.
ONE...
TWO...
THREE.
OH, COME ON.
ALL RIGHT, GUYS.
THIS IS AN ISSUE ABOUT TRUST.
AND UNTIL
SOMEONE COMES FORWARD,
THEN IT'S JUST GONNA EAT AWAY
AT ALL OF YOU.
T.K.: YO, ROOK.
GIVE US A SEC.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
UM...ABOUT YESTERDAY,
I JUST WANTED TO, UH...
I JUST WANT TO...
APOLOGIZE FOR WHAT HAPPENED.
OH, IT'S NO BIG DEAL.
HAZING'S PART OF THE GAME.
IF I CAN'T HANDLE IT,
I GOT NO BUSINESS BEING HERE.
NOT EVERYONE CAN SAY THEY'VE
BEEN HAZED BY A HALL OF FAMER.
[ Chuckling ] YEAH, YOU GOT TO
RETIRE FIRST, BUT YEAH.
BUT YOU CAN DO ME A FAVOR.
EVEN THE SCORE?
NAH, NO, FORGET IT.
NO, WHAT'S UP?
I'VE GOT THIS NIECE,
AND SHE IS CRAZY FOR YOU.
NATURALLY.
WOULD YOU SIGN
A HELMET FOR HER?
YEAH, SURE.
SHE DECORATED IT.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YES, SHE DID!
IF YOU COULD MAKE IT OUT TO
POOKIE -- THAT'S HER NICKNAME --
THAT'D BE GREAT.
MAYBE SOME
HEARTS AND HAPPY FACES.
[ CHUCKLES ]
NO PROBLEM.
AWESOME.
HERE YOU GO.
ACTUALLY, YOU'RE GONNA
NEED THAT FOR PRACTICE.
[ LAUGHTER ]
YOU DID NOT JUST
BEDAZZLE MY HELMET.
NO, SIR.YOUDID.
Man: YEAH,
LOOKING GOOD, T.K.
[ SIGHS ] THAT'S COLD.
YOU ALL RIGHT?
I WILL BE.
AS SOON AS I SHOW JUNIOR MINT
HE AIN'T THAT FRESH!
COME ON.
COACH IS ALREADY ON YOU.
NO HAZING ON CAMPUS.
BUT HE DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING
ABOUTOFFCAMPUS.
THERE YOU GO.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
HEY.
THANK YOU SO MUCH
FOR SEEING ME.
MM-HMM.
I'M SORRY TO COME BEFORE
MY SCHEDULED APPOINTMENT,
BUT I SET UP A NANNY CAM IN
MY KITCHEN LAST NIGHT, AND...
WELL, WATCH.
[ BEEP ]
RHINO,
WHATEVER ETHAN'S ISSUES ARE,
SPYING IS NOT
THE LONG-TERM SOLUTION
WHEN THE ISSUE
IS TRUST.
NO, YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND,
DR. SANTINO.
TURNS OUT THE PERSON
I CAN'T TRUST...IS ME.
[ BEEP ]
OH.
ARE THOSE THE MOONPIES?
GOING RIGHT IN
MY MOON PIE HOLE!
AT 2:00 A.M.
I DON'T EVEN REMEMBER THAT!
JESUS.
WHAT AM I DOING --
SLEEPWALKING?!
NO, RHINO...
...YOU'RE SLEEPEATING.
I AM SO HAPPY
TO BE INCLUDED HERE TODAY.
ALTHOUGH, I'M NOT SURE
HOW MANY PEOPLE
INVITE THEIR MOM TO THERAPY
TO TELL THEM
HOW MUCH THEY LOVE THEM.
IT'S KIND OF LIKE A COP
ASKING YOU
TO STEP OUT OF THE CAR
SO THEY CAN GIVE YOU A HUG.
RIGHT?
IT'S NEVER GONNA HAPPEN.
OKAY, SO LINDSAY,
IF YOU'D LIKE TO BEGIN?
SURE.
WELL, DR. CROSETTI
HAS BEEN HELPING ME REALIZE
THAT I'M NOT EXPRESSING MYSELF
CLEARLY TO YOU.
AND THAT LACK OF COMMUNICATION
HAS BEEN EATING AWAY AT ME
CAUSING BOTH INTERNAL
AND EXTERNAL NEGATIVITY.
SO, IN ORDER TO CREATE PEACE
WITH MYSELF,
I HAVE TO START TELLING YOU
WHAT I WANT
INSTEAD OF
WHAT I DON'T WANT.
AND WHAT IS IT
THAT YOU WANT?
I WANT TO
JOIN THE PEACE CORPS.
[ LAUGHS ]
I KNEW SHE'D LAUGH.
WHOA, WHOA.
WAIT,
YOU'RE BEING SERIOUS?!
THE PEACE CORPS HAS
SOME FANTASTIC PROGRAMS
FOR TEENS...IN AFRICA.
AFRICA?!
GHANA AND TANZANIA,
TO BE EXACT.
YEAH, YOU BUILD CLASSROOMS
AND PLAYGROUNDS FOR SCHOOLS,
TEACH KIDS
ENGLISH OR MUSIC --
WAIT, WHAT HAPPENED
TO CAMP GREENWOOD?
CAMP WAS GREAT
FOR THE FIRST SIX YEARS,
BUT THERE'S ONLY SO MANY TIMES
YOU CAN MACRAME A CANOE.
OKAY, I'M SORRY.
I'M JUST TRYING TO PROCESS.
LAST WEEK,
YOU WANTED TO BE A POMMIE,
AND THIS WEEK,
IT'S THE PEACE CORPS?
[ STAMMERS ]
THAT'S A LOT TO TAKE IN.
SEE, I KNEW
SHE WOULD DO THIS.
OH!
I'M GOING
TO THE BATHROOM! GEEZ!
[ DOOR SLAMS ]
DR. CROSETTI, I AM FEELING
A LITTLE BLINDSIDED HERE.
I'M JUST TRYING TO HELP LINDSAY
EXPRESS HER FEELINGS.
YEAH, BUT I'M THE ONE
THAT HAS TO HAVE DINNER
WITH THOSE FEELINGS.
Yeah.
AFRICA.
REALLY? AFRICA?
YOU WANT TO KNOW
WHAT'S IN AFRICA?
LIONS, MALARIA,
AND WARS.
OH, MY.
[ BOTH LAUGH ]
AND THIS DR. CROSETTI, I SWEAR
SHE'S MAKING THINGS WORSE
'CAUSE LINDSAY AND I ARE BARELY
SPEAKING TO EACH OTHER NOW.
BRIGHT SIDE. THERE'S NOWHERE
TO GO BUT UP, RIGHT?
OH!
OR NOT.
IT'S A PUNCHING BAG
WITH MY PICTURE ON IT!
THAT'S NOT EVEN A GOOD PICTURE!
I'M ALL SQUINTY!
AT LEAST SHE HAS A PHOTO OF YOU
IN HER ROOM.
[ HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYS ]
IS THERE A PROBLEM?
UM, YEAH. YOUR...
YOUR CAR IS NOT HERE.
WHAT? WHERE IS IT?
HE TOLD ME
NOT SAY ANYTHING.
WHO DID?
TERRENCE KING.
HE'S GETTING IT DETAILED.
HE WANTED TO SURPRISE YOU.
HOW COULD YOU
JUST GIVE AWAY MY CAR?!
[ HORN HONKS ]
OOH-OOH!
MAN, I MISPLACE MY CAR KEYS
SOMETIMES,
BUT THIS HAS GOT TO BE
EMBARRASSING.
WHERE IS IT, T.K.?
IT'S PARKED
IN A VERY SPECIAL PLACE.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU'RE LUCKY I GOT ZOOMBAK.
[ CELLPHONE BEEPS ]
OH, DO YOU?
YEAH. MY CAR'S
ON BIGELOW STREET IN NEWARK.
MY CAR'S IN NEWARK?!
[ CHUCKLES ]
I'M GONNA BUST --
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
[ LAUGHS ]
[ BRAKES SCREECH ]
COME ON, GIRLS --
BOTH OF YOU. GET IN.
THANK YOU SO MUCH
FOR COMING.
MM-HMM.
OH, SORRY
ABOUT THE FURNITURE.
DON'T BE SILLY.
IT'S OKAY.
YEAH, I KEEP TELLING RHINO
WE NEED TO GET A NEW COUCH.
IT'S WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN YOU HAVE
AN 11-YEAR-OLD BOY
IN THE HOUSE, RIGHT?
HMM. SO, ETHAN...?
WITH HIS GRANDPARENTS.
HE GOT SICK OF ME
APOLOGIZING.
I STILL FEEL AWFUL.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
I BLAMED MY CRAZY ON HIM.
RHINO,
YOU'RE NOT CRAZY.
SLEEP-RELATED
EATING DISORDERS
ARE OFTEN CAUSED
BY A REPRESSED ANXIETY.
SO, WE GET TO
THE CAUSE OF THE STRESS,
AND THEN THE SLEEP EATING
SHOULD EVENTUALLY STOP.
I HOPE SO.
I CAN'T AFFORD TO BE MOWING DOWN
ANY MORE MOONPIES.
SO, WHAT EXACTLY
IS THE PLAN?
YOU ARE BOTH GOING TO
GO TO SLEEP LIKE NORMAL.
THEN YOU JUST WAIT FOR ME
TO SLEEPWALK?
MM-HMM.
THE FIRST STEP IS TO OBSERVE.
WHAT IF I WAKE UP
OR SOMETHING?
I'VE HEARD
THAT CAN BE DANGEROUS.
NO, THAT'S ONLY
PARTIALLY TRUE.
PARTIALLY?
DOC, LOOK AT ME.
I'M 6'3", 290,
AND YOU'RE...NOT.
I'D FEEL BETTER IF YOU HAD
SOMEBODY ELSE WITH YOU --
SOMEBODY BIGGER.
OKAY.
UH,
YOU HAVE ANYONE IN MIND?
SO, LET ME
GET THIS STRAIGHT.
IT WAS RHINO
WHO WANTED ME TO COME OVER?
YOU DIDN'T
EVEN SUGGEST ME?
NO, MR. DONNALLY,
I DID NOT.
IT'S RATHER
PRESUMPTUOUS OF YOU
TO THINK THAT I'M COOKING UP
WAYS TO HANG OUT WITH YOU.
WELL, RHINO WAS RIGHT
TO CALL.
'CAUSE LET ME TELL YOU --
I'D FREAK, TOO,
IF SOMEONE
WAS LOCKING ME OUT OF MY FOOD.
I KNOW THAT
IT SEEMS EXTREME,
BUT THE IDEA IS TO INCREASE
HIS STRESS LEVEL.
BECAUSE SLEEP EATING
IS OFTEN CAUSED
BY SOME KIND OF
DEEPLY-BURIED ANXIETY,
AND I WANT TO DRAW IT OUT.
SO, THIS IS WHAT IT TAKES
FOR US TO HAVE A NIGHT TOGETHER.
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ LOCK RATTLES ]
THIS CAR
GOT BULLETPROOF WINDOWS?
NO. BUT IT HAS
EVERYTHING ELSE.
[ BEEPING ]
YOU GOT SOME MAD SUSPENSION
ON THIS RIDE.
I SEE YOU FLYING OVER THESE
POTHOLES LIKE A NINJA.
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU LEFT
MY NEW CAR IN THE HOOD, MAN.
MAN, CHILL OUT.
IT'S RIGHT OVER HERE
AROUND THIS NEXT --
OH, NO!
OH, NO.
OH, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO!
[ SQUEALS ]
My car.
[ PANTING ]
YOU'D BETTER GET OUT
AND MAKE IT RIGHT.
YOU KIDDING?
HE MIGHT KILL ME.
CLEAN IT UP, T.K.,
OR I AM PRETTY SURE
IT'S GONNA COST YOU
MORE THAN A FINE.
[ CAR BEEPS ]
[ PANTING ]
YO. YO, PLAYER.
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
YO -- WAIT! NO!
HEY! HEY!
WHAT THE...?
NICO!
THIS CAR COST ME
MY WHOLE SIGNING BONUS.
I SAID I WAS SORRY.
DAMN.
I'LL TAKE CARE
OF THE DAMAGES.
OH, NO. NO, NO, NO,
NO, NO, NO, NO!
GIRL, CHILL OUT.
IT'S JUST A CAR.
YOU DON'T GET IT.
I LEFT MY PLAYBOOK IN THE TRUNK,
AND NOW IT'S GONE.
OH.
Donnally: AFRICA?
THAT'S WHAT I SAID.
NOT TO MENTION THE FACT
THAT I'VE ALREADY PAID
FOR HER
TO GO TO THAT CAMP.
OH.
AND NOW RAY JAY WANTS TO GO
TO HAWAII WITH HIS DAD.
I'M GONNA PULL THAT CASH
OUT OF I DON'T KNOW WHERE.
[ BOTH CHUCKLE ]
I'M SORRY. UGH.
AND NOW I'VE KEPT YOU HERE
ALL NIGHT.
OH, HEY, WITH OUR SCHEDULES,
I'LL TAKE WHAT I CAN GET.
YEAH.
BESIDES,
IT KIND OF MAKES ME FEEL
LIKE I SNUCK OVER
TO MAKE OUT WITH THE BABYSITTER.
[ BOTH CHUCKLE ]
MMM.
I MISS YOU.
OH, I KNOW.
OH, THIS WOULD BE SO MUCH EASIER
IF WE JUST MOVED IN TOGETHER.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
WE'D SEE EACH OTHER
EVERY NIGHT IN BED.
IT WOULD DEFINITELY HELP
WITH YOUR FINANCIAL STRESS.
IT'S LIKE A TWOFER.
[ CHUCKLES ]
UM, MATT, I'M --
[ STATIC ]
WHAT'S THAT?
UH, THAT'S A BABY MONITOR
THAT I PUT OUTSIDE RHINO'S ROOM.
[ BANGING IN DISTANCE ]
OKAY, SO, HE'S COMING.
YEAH.
Wow.
HE'S ASLEEP?
MM-HMM.
[ CABINET DOORS RATTLING ]
OH, AND HE'S PISSED.
YEP.
DANI.
NO, NO. IT'S OKAY.
RHINO, IT'S DR. DANI.
IT'S OKAY.
YOU'RE SAFE,
AND IT'S TIME TO WAKE UP.
I GOT TO GO.
WHERE?
HOME.
YOUAREHOME.
MY OTHER HOME.
HIS OTHER HOME?
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
[ SIRENS WAIL IN DISTANCE ]
LOOK, HOMEBOY,
IF YOU DON'T RELAX,
I'M GONNA HAVE TO FIND YOU
A THONG IN MAN SIZES.
THE MOST EXPENSIVE DUMPSTER
I'VE EVER SEEN IN MY LIFE.
I LOST MY PLAYBOOK,
T.K.
THAT'S MY LIFE
FOR THE NEXT YEAR --
OR AT LEAST, IT COULD HAVE BEEN
IF I HADN'T LOST IT.
I'M SERIOUSLY SCREWED.
YOU?!
WHEN COACH FINDS OUT
I PULLED THIS PRANK,
I'M TAKING A DIRT NAP!
YOU! YOU! YOU!
IT'S ALWAYS ABOUT YOU!
[ DOG BARKING IN DISTANCE ]
ALL RIGHT, KID.
HERE'S WHAT WE DO.
IT'S NOT THE END OF THE WORLD.
IT'S HAPPENED BEFORE.
WE'LL JUST TELL COACH
YOU DROPPED IT IN THE TOILET
AFTER YOU USED IT.
[ CELLPHONE VIBRATES ]
SO YOU GET ANOTHER ONE.
I MEAN,
WHOEVER TOOK YOUR PLAYBOOK
HAS NO CLUE
WHAT THAT THING IS, ANYWAY.
[ CELLPHONE BEEPS ]
"I HAVE SOMETHING YOU WANT,
AND IT'S GONNA COST YOU."
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
IT MEANS
YOU'RE BEING BLACKMAILED.
Dani: HOME.
THAT'S WHAT YOU SAID.
YOU'RE SURE?
YOUR OTHER HOME.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN, RY?
I DON'T KNOW.
I WAS ASLEEP, APPARENTLY TRYING
TO EAT THE ENTIRE KITCHEN.
YEAH. THAT'S BEEN HIS STORY
ALL MORNING.
HE DOESN'T KNOW, HE DOESN'T
REMEMBER, AND HE DIDN'T SAY IT.
RHINO,
I MENTIONED THAT SLEEP EATING
USUALLY STEMS FROM STRESS
AND UNCONSCIOUS PRESSURES.
MAYBE WE NEED
TO DISCUSS THE REASONS
THAT YOU MIGHT NOT FEEL
"AT HOME" AT HOME.
IT'S NOTHING,
ALL RIGHT?!
WHAT IS GOING ON?
[ Voice breaking ] WHAT EXACTLY
ARE YOU HIDING HERE?
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
[ SIGHS ]
HEAR
FROM DEEP THROAT YET?
YEAH,
HE WANTS 10 GRAND.
OH, I GOT THAT IN MY DRAWERS
RIGHT NOW. YOU'RE GOOD.
GOOD,
THEN YOU CAN PAY IT.
WHAT?!
YOU SAID IT YOURSELF.
THIS IS BECAUSE OF YOUR PRANK.
YEAH, BUT WHO KEEPS
THEIR PLAYBOOK IN THE TRUNK
WITH GROCERIES
AND SEX TOYS?
WHO KEEPS SEX TOYS
IN THEIR TRUNK?
WHO DOESN'T?!
LOOK, SHH!
Keep it down.
ALL RIGHT. LISTEN.
I'LL LOAN YOU THE 10 GRAND.
BUT WHEN YOU MAKE THE TEAM,
I WANT THAT BACK WITH INTEREST.
WHEN'S THE DROP?
TONIGHT, 9:00.
GOOD LUCK WITH THAT.
DON'T GOOD LUCK ME.
[ SIGHS ]
LOOK, YOU'RE DRIVING.
WHAT?!
I DON'T HAVE A CAR,
REMEMBER?
THAT'S MY FAULT?
YEAH, I GUESS SO.
[ SIGHS ]
I WANT GAS MONEY.
MOVING IN TOGETHER!
WHAT DID YOU SAY?
I SAID, "MATT..."
AND THEN
WE WERE INTERRUPTED.
MM.
SO I DIDN'T
SAY ANYTHING YET.
I JUST THINK IT'S
TOO CONFUSING...FOR THE KIDS.
NOT TO MENTION THAT MY DAUGHTER
HAS GOT A PUNCHING BAG
WITH MY SQUINTY LITTLE FACE
ON IT.
HONEY, SHE'S A TEENAGER.
HATING YOUR MOTHER
IS IN THE GUIDEBOOK.
BUTIAM A THERAPIST,
SO I SHOULD HAVE
A HEALTHY RELATIONSHIP WITH HER.
[ YAWNS ]
IT'S JUST SO HARD WHEN IT'S
YOUR OWN DAUGHTER, YOU KNOW?
JUST...I LOVE THAT ANGRY LITTLE
ULTIMATE FIGHTER SO MUCH
THAT IT'S HARD
TO BE OBJECTIVE.
BUT AT LEAST I HAVE YOU
TO TALK TO NOW,
'CAUSE I'VE BEEN TALKING
TO THAT FISH SO MUCH,
I'M STARTING TO GET WORRIED
ABOUT MYSELF.
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ SNORING ]
[ BRAKES SQUEAK ]
[ CAR DOOR CLOSES ]
YOU SURE
THIS IS THE ADDRESS?
IT'S WHAT THE GUY TEXTED --
"BE HERE BY 9:00."
MAYBE WE SHOULD CALL
THAT NICO GUY.
YEAH, LET ME TELL YOU
HOW THAT CALL'S GONNA GO.
HEY, NICO.
RAZOR LOST HIS PLAYBOOK, AND NOW
WE'RE GETTING BLACKMAILED,
SO CAN YOU COME DOWN TO THE
CORNER OF ASSAULT AND BATTERY
AND CHANGE HIS DIAPEY?
WHATEVER, MAN.
LET'S JUST GO
GET THE DAMN PLAYBOOK.
WHAT?
[ SILVERWARE CLINKS ]
LINDZ!
TELL ME
WHAT'S WRONG WITH AFRICA.
NOTHING, EXCEPT FOR WARFARE
AND MALARIA AND WILD ANIMALS.
BEYOND THAT?
LEECHES.
DID YOU KNOW THAT THERE ARE
SOME AFRICAN LEECHES
THAT CAN GROW
UP TO 10 INCHES LONG?
DAD ALREADY SIGNED
THIS PERMISSION SLIP,
SO WHY CAN'T YOU
JUST SAY "YES"?
BECAUSE YOUR FATHER
DOES WHATEVER HE THINKS
IS GONNA MAKE YOU LIKE HIM BEST,
WHILE I AM HERE
TRYING TO ACTUALLY DO
WHAT IS BEST FOR YOU.
OKAY, WELL, WHATEVER HE'S DOING,
IT'S WORKING.
LINDSAY...
HONEY,
I AM TRYING REALLY HARD,
BUT IT SEEMS LIKE
NO MATTER WHAT I DO,
YOUR DAD'S
ALWAYS GONNA BE THE GOOD GUY
AND I AM ALWAYS GOING TO BE
THE PUNCHING BAG.
YOU SEARCHED MY ROOM.
SEARCHED?
NO, I DIDN'T SEARCH YOUR ROOM.
I WAS
PUTTING AWAY LAUNDRY, YEAH.
IF YOU'RE GONNA
SNOOP AROUND IN MY ROOM,
THEN IT'S NOT REALLY
MY ROOM.
OKAY.
SO MAYBE I SHOULD
JUST GO LIVE WITH DAD.
[ PAPER RUSTLING ]
[ CELLPHONE RINGS ]
[ CELLPHONE BEEPS ]
[ SIGHS ]
HEY, RHINO.
OH, LYDIA?
HI.
UH, THANK YOU FOR
SEEING ME AFTER HOURS.
OF COURSE.
IS EVERYTHING ALL RIGHT?
RHINO AND I
GOT INTO A HUGE FIGHT
AFTER OUR SESSION
THIS MORNING.
I KEPT TRYING TO GET HIM TO
TELL ME WHAT'S REALLY GOING ON,
AND HE JUST SHUT DOWN.
I THINK I MIGHT KNOW
WHAT HE'S HIDING.
IT'S...
[ CHUCKLES ]
IT'S KIND OF OUT THERE.
IT'S OKAY.
YOU CAN TELL ME.
I JUST -- I STARTED QUESTIONING
EVERYTHING, YOU KNOW?
AND I LOOKED AT
OUR OLD CREDIT-CARD STATEMENT,
AND I FOUND
THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS
TOWARD FURNITURE, NEW RUGS,
AND A FLAT-SCREEN.
BUT NONE OF THAT
IS IN OUR HOUSE.
I'VE HEARD STORIES ABOUT
HOW PEOPLE LEAD DOUBLE LIVES.
DR. SANTINO...
[ Voice breaking ] I THINK MY
HUSBAND'S GOT ANOTHER FAMILY.
YO, PLAYBOY, YOU GO FIRST.
BEEN SHOT TWICE THIS YEAR.
IT'S YOUR TURN.
HELLO?
YOU KNOW WHAT?
ON SECOND THOUGHT, AUDIBLE.
LET'S CALL THE CAVALRY.
LET'S GO.
[ GRUNTING,
INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
LOOK, MAN!
D-DON'T KILL ME, MAN!
I GOT MONEY!
I'LL PAY YOU, BABY!
I'M A COME BACK AND HAUNT YOU,
I SWEAR TO GOD!
Nico:
THANK YOU, GENTLEMEN.
YOUR PLAYBOOK --
SAFE AND SOUND.
YOUR CAR?
ALL THE KING'S HORSES
AND ALL THE KING'S MEN
COULDN'T PUT YOUR PORSCHE
BACK TOGETHER AGAIN.
Razor: YOU DID THAT
TO MY CAR, NICO?
[ LAUGHS ]
AH!
SO I'M GONNA TAKE IT OUT OF
BOTH OF YOUR CHECKS.
AH...
THAT'S SERIOUSLY MESSED UP,
NICO.
OH, IT IS.
COFFEE'S GETTING COLD.
[ WHISTLE BLOWS ]
Purnell: YOU WANTED HAZING?
YOU GOT IT!
[ LAUGHTER ]
AND A FIGHT
THAT STARTED OUT ABOUT LEECHES
ENDED WITH A THREAT
TO MOVE IN WITH HER FATHER
AND MY FACE
ON A PUNCHING BAG.
AND YOU THINK I TOLD
YOUR DAUGHTER TO DO THAT?
[ CHUCKLES ]
DR. SANTINO, I'VE TALKED TO
LINDSAY ABOUT EMOTIVE THERAPY,
EXPLAINED THAT ONE WAY
TO RELEASE ANGER
IS TO PUNCH A PILLOW
OR A CUSHION, BUT THAT'S IT.
YOU'RE FAMILIAR WITH
DR. CHARLES SPIELBERGER?
MM-HMM.
HIS STUDIES SUGGEST
THAT EXPRESSING VIOLENCE,
EVEN AGAINST INANIMATE OBJECTS,
EXACERBATES THE PROBLEM.
HE ALSO SAYS THAT UNEXPRESSED
ANGER CAN TURN INWARD,
CAUSING DEPRESSION
AND SELF-LOATHING.
I KNOW THAT LINDSAY'S
JUST FIGURING OUT WHO SHE IS.
AND I KNOW THAT I HAVE TO
LET HER MAKE HER OWN CHOICES
AND HER OWN MISTAKES.
BUT WHERE LINDSAY
IS CONCERNED,
I AM FORCED TO BOTH PROTECT
AND COMPETE WITH MY EX-HUSBAND.
[ Voice breaking ] YOU KNOW,
I'VE KEPT THE AFFAIRS FROM HER.
[ CLICKS TONGUE ]
I'VE KEPT THE FACT
THAT HE IS BLOWING THROUGH
THEIR COLLEGE MONEY.
HE JUST GETS TO SIT THERE
AND PLAY THE PART
OF THE GOOD OLD DADDY,
AND I HAVE GOT TO SIT THERE
AND PLAY THE PART OF...
MEAN, OLD MOMMY?
I GET IT -- DIVORCED 12 YEARS.
TWO BOYS, NOW 25 AND 28.
HOW DO
YOU GET THROUGH THAT?
PILLS, BOOZE, RANDOM SEX.
[ BOTH CHUCKLE ]
THERAPY -- TWICE A WEEK.
HOW DO YOU THINK?
[ Chuckling ] I KNOW.
I KNOW.
SO, LEECHES?
YEP. [ SIGHS ]
ACTUAL LEECHES,
NOT MY EX-HUSBAND.
ALTHOUGH HE IS SUCKING
THE FINANCIAL LIFE OUT OF ME.
Rhino:
GET A JOB, YOU LEECHES!
[ Chanting ]
RHINO! RHINO! RHINO! RHINO!
FANS.
MY POSSE.
RHINO!
WE GO WAY BACK.
Lydia:
THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS
TOWARD FURNITURE, NEW RUGS,
AND A FLAT-SCREEN.
BUT NONE OF THAT
IS IN OUR HOUSE.
DR. SANTINO?
YOU OKAY?
MM-HMM.
LET'S GO.
WE GOT TO GET TO PRACTICE.
YOU GOT ICE IN THERE?
Dani: OHH.
[ CAR DOORS OPEN, CLOSE ]
Purnell:
ALL RIGHT! GOOD PRACTICE!
COME ON!
BRING IT IN! BRING IT IN!
1, 2, 3!
All: HAWKS! YEAH!
[ LAUGHS ]
WHAT'S SO FUNNY?
OTHER THAN BEING STRAPPED
TO A POLE WITH YOU FOR THE
LAST FOUR HOURS,
YOUR FACE [Chuckling] WHEN YOU
REALIZED YOUR PLAYBOOK WAS GONE.
YOU --
YOU GOT ALL "GREEN MILE."
[ PANTING ]
YEAH, OKAY.
[ LAUGHS ]
ME GETTING FREAKED OUT OVER
A PLAYBOOK, THAT'S ONE THING.
BUT YOU IN A BEDAZZLED HELMET?
NOW, THAT'S PRICELESS.
I THINK IT'S PRETTY DOPE.
I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN YOU'D BE
INTO THAT SORT OF THING.
[ LAUGHS ]
YOU KNOW, MAN,
I WANT TO HATE YOU.
I DO.
I MEAN, YOU KNOW,
BRAND-NEW RECEIVER, SQUIRRELLY,
COMING IN, TESTING MY GAME,
BUT YOU REMIND ME OF ME.
YOU KNOW, A MINI T.K.
LIKE AREALMINI T.K., LIKE A
T.K. 1.0, LIKE A DIET T.K.
ALL RIGHT,
LOOK, DON'T PUSH IT.
[ LAUGHS ]
YOU GUYS DONE WITH YOUR
LITTLE REINDEER GAMES?
HELL, YEAH.
RHINO, HEY! CAN I JUST TALK
TO YOU FOR A MINUTE?
NO, NOT NOW.
JUST ONE SECOND.
ABOUT WHAT?!
LYDIA ALREADY THINKS
I'M CHEATING ON HER.
YOU MADE
A REAL MESS OF THINGS, DOC.
I KNOW ABOUT 4970 SWEETWATER,
THAT YOU OWN ANOTHER HOUSE.
IT STARTED WHEN MY
BROTHER-IN-LAW GOT LAID OFF.
MY SISTER ASKED IF THEY COULD
COME STAY WITH ME FOR A WHILE.
MM-HMM.
YOU KNOW, TILL THEY GOT
BACK ON THEIR FEET.
AND THEY GOT THREE KIDS.
WHAT WAS I SUPPOSED TO DO?
THEN MY COUSIN
CAME TO CRASH,
AND THEN A COUPLE MORE FRIENDS
JOINED THE PARTY.
RHINO.
YOU DON'THAVE
A HUGE SUPPORT SYSTEM.
YOUAREONE.
YOU'RE NOT DEALING WITH
THE PRESSURE DURING THE DAY,
SO IT'S MANIFESTING
AT NIGHT.
MOONPIE MANIA.
LYDIA ALREADY THINKS
THEY'RE TAKING ADVANTAGE OF ME,
ALWAYS BORROWING MONEY.
SHE WOULD FREAK
IF SHE KNEW THE TRUTH --
THAT OUR MONEY PROBLEMS
ARE BECAUSE OF THEM.
LOOK, YOU ARE A GENEROUS MAN,
BUT THIS EXTRA WEIGHT --
THIS STRESS THAT YOU ARE
CARRYING AROUND
IS A DIRECT CAUSE
OF THE EXTRA RESPONSIBILITY
THAT YOU'RE CARRYING!
BUT I CAN'T JUST
CUT 'EM OFF.
THEY COUNT ON ME.
WHAT'S GONNA HAPPEN
THE NEXT TIME YOU GRAB CAR KEYS
AGAIN WHEN YOUR SLEEPING, RIGHT?
YOU'RE GONNA BE
A BIG HELP TO THEM
WHEN YOU'RE
WRAPPED AROUND A TREE?
[ SIGHS ]
[ GROANS ]
OKAY.
HOW DO I START?
WHAT DO I SAY? HEY, HERE'S
5 BUCKS AND A BAG OF FRITOS.
GOOD LUCK.
BABY STEPS.
WE'LL COME UP WITH A PLAN
THAT EVERYBODY
FEELS COMFORTABLE WITH.
YOU SELL THE HOUSE.
YOU GIVE THEM
A TIMETABLE FOR LEAVING.
BUT THE MOST IMPORTANT THING
IS THAT YOU COME CLEAN
WITH LYDIA.
NO, TRUST ME.
IT'S GONNA BE A RELIEF...
FOR BOTH OF YOU.
Ethan: HEY, RHINO!
HEY.
MOM TOLD ME TO COME GET YOU.
SHE'S WAITING IN THE CAR.
HEY, WHAT DO YOU SAY YOU AND ME
START A HEALTH PACT, HUH?
PSHT! BOO!
[ LAUGHS ]
SEE YOU
AT OUR NEXT APPOINTMENT, DOC.
OH,
COULD I COME, TOO?
HMM.
COME ON.
WHAT?
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
HEY, LINDZ? HONEY?
CAN WE TALK
ABOUT AFRICA?
WHAT'S TO TALK ABOUT?
YOU ASKED ME
WHAT WAS SO WRONG WITH AFRICA.
WHY DON'T YOU TELL ME
WHAT'S SO RIGHT?
MOM,
FOR THE FIRST TIME,
I'M ACTUALLY EXCITED
ABOUT SOMETHING.
I WANT TO HELP PEOPLE.
I WANT TO MAKE A DIFFERENCE.
THAT MAKES ME SO PROUD.
MY HESITATION
HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH YOU.
I'M JUST SCARED
BY THE IDEA.
WHAT ABOUT
A COMPROMISE?
SOMETHING
IN THE WESTERN HEMISPHERE!
THESE GOT TO BE SIMILAR PROGRAMS
IN THE UNITED STATES,
LIKE NEW ORLEANS,
WHERE THEY NEED PEOPLE
TO VOLUNTEER AND BUILD HOMES
AND ALL SORTS OF THINGS.
LIKE
HABITAT FOR HUMANITY?
YES.
[ LAUGHS ]
AH!
I DO HAVE ONE CONDITION.
AND THAT IS
THAT YOU BRING THIS.
[ MIMICS
PUNCHING SOUNDS ]
[ LAUGHS ]
IT'S THE, UM, TRAVEL EDITION
FOR YOUR LITTLE PUNCHING BAG.
AT LEAST
I LIKE THAT PICTURE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
OH!
PARENTING HURDLE NUMBER 4,082 --
BOOM! -- CLEARED.
FELL DOWN ON MY ASS
A COUPLE TIMES,
BUT I LIVE TO TELL.
FOR GOD SAKES, WOMAN,
COME ON. LET'S GO GET SOME WINE.
I CAN'T.
WHY NOT?
J, WHAT IS IT?
WHAT'S WRONG?
[ SIGHS ]
OHH!
HEY, HEY, HEY!
[ GAGS ]
JEANETTE?!
[ VOMITS ]
[ TOILET FLUSHES ]
OHH.
ARE YOU OKAY?
[ SNIFFLES ]
MM, NO.
YOU'RE PREGNANT.
I'M PREGNANT.
OH, HEY,
RHINO'S DOING GREAT.
HE'S ALREADY LOST
SOME POUNDS.
YOU JUST REALLY GOT HIM
RIGHT BACK ON TRACK.
[ Deep voice ] DR. D,
WORKING THE MOJO, AGAIN.
[ CHUCKLES ]
Jeanette:
DON'T FORGET TO STIR!
ARE YOU STIRRING?!
YES, I'M STIRRING!
OH, NOT TOO MANY CHILIES.
PREGO AND CHILIES,NO BUENO.
[ BOTH LAUGH ]
OHH, SPEAKING OF
"NO BUENO"...
MM-HMM?
WHAT I SAID THE OTHER NIGHT,
ABOUT MOVING IN...
YEAH,
THE KIDS PROBABLY NEED
ANOTHER MINUTE
WITH THIS WHOLE THING.
AND IT'S NOT LIKE
WE'RE 20.
WE CAN'T JUST MOVE IN TOGETHER
LIKE IT'S NOTHING,
LAY AROUND ALL DAY,
PLAYING NINTENDO.
THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT I WAS GONNA SAY TO YOU,
EXCEPT FOR THE FACT
THAT I AM A PS3 WOMAN, MYSELF.
[ BOTH CHUCKLE ]
I LOVE YOU,
DANI SANTINO.
AND I WANT
TO GET THIS RIGHT.
I LOVE YOU, TOO.
OH!
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
YOU'RE NOT STIRRING.
OOPS. YOU ARE STIRRING,
BUT NOT MY POT.
[ BOTH LAUGH ]
UH, APOLOGIZING TO YOU IN
ADVANCE, BUTWENEED SOME WINE.
YEAH.
SO, I'M GONNA GO
GET SOME PINOT IN THE BASEMENT.
TEASE.
SORRY.
MM-HMM.
HEY, SO,
WHAT'S COOKING IN THE BELLY
AFFECTS THE DECISION
TO MOVE TO SPAIN, I ASSUME, HUH?
YEAH.
I HAVE TO FIGURE OUT HOW
TO BREAK THE NEWS TO AUGUSTO.
HE'S BEEN TALKING ABOUT...
GETTING MARRIED.
WHAT'S THAT EXPRESSION --
"THREE STRIKES, YOU'RE OUT"?
OH, IT DEPENDS
HOW YOU LOOK AT IT.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
SOME PEOPLE NEVER FIND THE ONE.
YOU FOUND HIM THREE TIMES.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
AND EACH ONE
IS BETTER THAN THE LAST.
MAYBE I'M JUST
PERFECTING A CRAFT.
WELL, THEN, MAYBE...
YOU COULD HELP ME...
PICK OUT THE PERFECT
ENGAGEMENT RING FOR DANI.
[ COUGHING ]
WHOA! WHOA! WHOA!
TOO SPICY?
[ Coughing ]
MNH-MNH.